# cannotbe run against jbr which does not contain some jbrsdk's utilities required for test executions
javax/imageio/stream/StreamCloserLeak/run_test.sh nobug generic-all
javax/imageio/spi/AppletContextTest/BadPluginConfigurationTest.sh nobug generic-all

#
# intermittently failed, they were muted in regular runs with the option "unmute manually"
#
sun/awt/dnd/8024061/bug8024061.java nobug windows-all
java/awt/event/KeyEvent/AltCharAcceleratorTest/AltCharAcceleratorTest.java nobug windows-all
java/awt/Focus/FocusSubRequestTest/FocusSubRequestTest.java nobug windows-all
java/awt/Focus/UnaccessibleChoice/AccessibleChoiceTest.java nobug windows-all
java/awt/MenuBar/SeparatorsNavigation/SeparatorsNavigation.java nobug windows-all
java/awt/Mouse/ExtraMouseClick/ExtraMouseClick.java JBR-4354 windows-all,linux-all # linux: JBR-4354
java/awt/Mouse/MouseComboBoxTest/MouseComboBoxTest.java nobug windows-all
java/awt/TextArea/OverScrollTest/OverScrollTest.java nobug windows-all
java/awt/TextField/OverScrollTest/OverScrollTest.java nobug windows-all

javax/imageio/plugins/external_plugin_tests/TestClassPathPlugin.sh nobug generic-all # line 59: /opt/teamcity-agent/work/efb45cc305c2e813/jbr/Contents/Home/bin/jar: No such file or directory


javax/swing/dnd/7171812/bug7171812.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/event/RightAltKeyTest.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JComboBox/8033069/bug8033069NoScrollBar.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JComboBox/8033069/bug8033069ScrollBar.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JComboBox/8182031/ComboPopupTest.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JEditorPane/6917744/bug6917744.java 8213124 macosx-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JFrame/8016356/bug8016356.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JMenu/6538132/6538132.java 8197552 windows-all
javax/swing/JMenu/8072900/WrongSelectionOnMouseOver.java nobug windows-all,linux-all
javax/swing/JMenuItem/6209975/bug6209975.java JBR-4894 windows-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/4634626/bug4634626.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/4760494/bug4760494.java JBR-4894 windows-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/7156657/bug7156657.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/8075063/ContextMenuScrollTest.java JBR-4894 windows-all
javax/swing/JProgressBar/8015748/JProgressBarOrientationRobotTest.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JRootPane/4670486/bug4670486.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JSpinner/4788637/bug4788637.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JTabbedPane/TestBackgroundScrollPolicy.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JTable/7124218/SelectEditTableCell.java JBR-4894 windows-all
javax/swing/JToolTip/6219960/bug6219960.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JTree/4633594/JTreeFocusTest.java 8173125 macosx-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JTree/DnD/LastNodeLowerHalfDrop.java 8159131 linux-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/TranslucentJComboBox.java 8024627 macosx-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/TranslucentWindowClickSwing.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/windows/6921687/bug6921687.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/ProgressMonitor/ProgressMonitorEscapeKeyPress.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/text/CSSBorder/6796710/bug6796710.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/text/DefaultCaret/HidingSelection/HidingSelectionTest.java 8194048 windows-all,linux-all nobug: linux, 8194048 windows
javax/swing/text/html/HTMLEditorKit/5043626/bug5043626.java nobug windows-all
